README.md, before:

[![REUSE status](https://api.reuse.software/badge/github.com/SAP/openui5-worklist-app)](https://api.reuse.software/info/github.com/SAP/openui5-worklist-app)
[![Build Status](https://github.com/SAP/openui5-worklist-app/actions/workflows/github-ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/SAP/openui5-worklist-app/actions/workflows/github-ci.yml)
![OpenUI5 logo](http://openui5.org/images/OpenUI5_new_big_side.png)

# openui5-worklist-app
OpenUI5 worklist app using the UI5 Build and Development Tooling.

This template implements a typical worklist floorplan, one of the design patterns that is specified by the SAP Fiori Design Guidelines. 
It includes generic application functionality and tests that can be easily extended.


## More information
* [Live Demo](http://sap.github.io/openui5-worklist-app/test/mockServer.html)
* [Documentation](https://help.sap.com/docs/SAP_FIORI_tools/17d50220bcd848aa854c9c182d65b699/dcd9f97aa8de4adab8270315550f2b23.html)
* [SAP Fiori Design Guidelines](https://experience.sap.com/fiori-design/)
* [UI5 Tooling](https://github.com/SAP/ui5-tooling). 
* [OpenUI5](https://github.com/SAP/openui5)

## Prerequisites
The **UI5 build and development tooling command line interface (UI5 CLI)** has to be installed.
For installation instructions please see [Installing the UI5 CLI](https://github.com/SAP/ui5-tooling#installing-the-ui5-cli).

## Setup
1. Clone the repository and navigate into it
    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/SAP/openui5-worklist-app.git
    cd openui5-worklist-app
    ```
1. Install all dependencies
    ```sh
    npm install
    ```

1. Start a local server and run the application (http://localhost:8080/index.html)
    ```sh
    ui5 serve -o /index.html
    ```

## Testing
* Run ESLint code validation
    ```sh
    npm run lint
    ```
* Start a local server and execute the tests automatically after every change
    ```sh
    npm run watch
    ```
* Run ESLint, start a local server and run the tests in CI mode
    ```sh
    npm test
    ```

For more build and development options please see: [UI5 Build and Development Tooling](https://github.com/SAP/ui5-tooling)

## Support
This repository is based on the [OpenUI5 template demo apps](https://sdk.openui5.org/demoapps) and updated regularly with our latest recommendations. 
If you found a bug, please create an [OpenUI5 issue](https://github.com/sap/openui5/issues). Thank you!

Commit message:

Deprecate project
Add deprecation info to README.md

README.md, after:

[![REUSE status](https://api.reuse.software/badge/github.com/SAP/openui5-worklist-app)](https://api.reuse.software/info/github.com/SAP/openui5-worklist-app)
[![Build Status](https://github.com/SAP/openui5-worklist-app/actions/workflows/github-ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/SAP/openui5-worklist-app/actions/workflows/github-ci.yml)
![OpenUI5 logo](http://openui5.org/images/OpenUI5_new_big_side.png)

# DEPRECATED

**⚠️ This project has been deprecated in favor of [OpenUI5 Sample App](https://github.com/SAP/openui5-sample-app).**

# openui5-worklist-app
OpenUI5 worklist app using the UI5 Build and Development Tooling.

This template implements a typical worklist floorplan, one of the design patterns that is specified by the SAP Fiori Design Guidelines. 
It includes generic application functionality and tests that can be easily extended.


## More information
* [Live Demo](http://sap.github.io/openui5-worklist-app/test/mockServer.html)
* [Documentation](https://help.sap.com/docs/SAP_FIORI_tools/17d50220bcd848aa854c9c182d65b699/dcd9f97aa8de4adab8270315550f2b23.html)
* [SAP Fiori Design Guidelines](https://experience.sap.com/fiori-design/)
* [UI5 Tooling](https://github.com/SAP/ui5-tooling). 
* [OpenUI5](https://github.com/SAP/openui5)

## Prerequisites
The **UI5 build and development tooling command line interface (UI5 CLI)** has to be installed.
For installation instructions please see [Installing the UI5 CLI](https://github.com/SAP/ui5-tooling#installing-the-ui5-cli).

## Setup
1. Clone the repository and navigate into it
    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/SAP/openui5-worklist-app.git
    cd openui5-worklist-app
    ```
1. Install all dependencies
    ```sh
    npm install
    ```

1. Start a local server and run the application (http://localhost:8080/index.html)
    ```sh
    ui5 serve -o /index.html
    ```

## Testing
* Run ESLint code validation
    ```sh
    npm run lint
    ```
* Start a local server and execute the tests automatically after every change
    ```sh
    npm run watch
    ```
* Run ESLint, start a local server and run the tests in CI mode
    ```sh
    npm test
    ```

For more build and development options please see: [UI5 Build and Development Tooling](https://github.com/SAP/ui5-tooling)

## Support
This repository is based on the [OpenUI5 template demo apps](https://sdk.openui5.org/demoapps) and updated regularly with our latest recommendations. 
If you found a bug, please create an [OpenUI5 issue](https://github.com/sap/openui5/issues). Thank you!
